what's up guys this is brandon from out
of controller and I'm doing Skyrim
tornado now you just walk in Whiterun
and there's just a pile of junk just
just waiting for their so I mean
somebody's just so rude just leaving all
this junk in the floor how could they do
such a thing so you get the blizzard and
maybe we'll make a little tornado oh my
god is just mass carnage just everywhere
that guy doesn't even give a crap just
you can see everything just blown away
so great kids are running and makes a
spell right through and see you just you
walk around everything's flying away
shutters are gone look at all that stuff
down there it is just all over this
place it is gone now I mean you know saw
this bunch of tomatoes here you know
walking around there's some big Tomatoes
small ones well let's see if we can you
know know make some ketchup making catch
up with the Skyrim tornado
and catch up oh she came they have gone
ketchup has been made it's just people
are yelling screaming tomatoes are gone
it's just all there's one tomato found
11 that's it one tomato didn't make any
ketchup so I figured that was sucked so
you know some add some red apples got a
couple red apples I had some cabbage see
if we can make a fruit salad you know
little fruit salad tornado some apple
pie you know cuz pot goes with fruit
salad carrot some leek maybe some
potatoes and snored meet you gotta have
your potatoes and salad
and we have perfect fruit salad but
doesn't help if it's not mixed up a
little bit let's see if the skyroom
tornado can help us out a little bit
don't tell me what to do kid it's match
just everywhere just the tour nakeds are
running on the fruit salad terrible and
I just don't even care just look around
look around waiting for my fruit salad
trying to find where it's at just a
couple tomatoes there's the pie is gone
is all over solitude it hit all the
gates tomatoes and potatoes just
everywhere okay well if you want a
little bit more of a controlled Skyrim
tornado you can just you know go down to
your house somebody has just left a
bunch of junk down there my guy doesn't
even give a crap he's just like to put
this down here I am angry let's see
walking through the middle of the junk
mmm Skyrim tornado
everywhere it's everywhere I can't move
Oh God oh this stuff is just falling it
is gone can just see all the carnage
that see this is a controlled one is a
lot funnier it makes everything lag out
though so if you really really have a
bunch of stuff you want just get rid of
don't do that okay well now what better
place to you know get rid of all your
stuff then the third of the world what
what better place what better of a place
then you get rid of all your stuff get
to do it fully nude you think Skyrim is
an adventure wait till you take all your
clothes off and send all your stuff
lying down a mountain then you'll have a
real adventure trying to find all your
stuff all the Skyrim tornade the Dragons
coming back to life
okay I had so much stuff and now it's
just all gone I'm gonna have to go find
all of my stuff after this well I mean
most of its up here but i think this
dragon block most of it but you know
that's it you know everybody can make
your own Skyrim tornadoes in Skyrim just
place all your stuff and be done later